# Red-velvet-cake
My Recipe 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and cocoa powder three 6-inch cake pans. Add 1 cupcake paper to a pan. In a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the room temperature butter. Add in sugar and mix on medium until combined. Add eggs in one at a time and beat. Add vanilla extract.
In a large bowl, sift the flour, salt and baking soda then whisk together and set aside.
Sift the cocoa powder into the butter mixture and cream together. 
Add red food coloring and vinegar to the buttermilk then whisk together.
Add ½ of the dry and ½ of the wet to the butter mixture until combined. Add the red buttermilk mixture and beat. Pour the batter into the three prepared pans. Add any extra batter to a cupcake paper. This will be used for the crumble. Bake for about 30-35 minutes or until the centers are springy to the touch. Bake the crumble cupcake for about 15-20 minutes. When done, let them cool in their pans for about 5 minutes, then invert them out onto a wire rack. 
 In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter. Sift confectioners sugar into a large bowl. Add room temperature cream cheese to the creamed butter. Add vanilla and a pinch of salt. Beat together. Add the confectioners sugar in cups. Mix until combined. If you’re wanting a stronger buttercream, keep adding more sifted confectioners sugar until you reach a desired consistency. Transfer the buttercream to a piping bag and snip off the tip. 
 In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the room temperature butter until smooth. Sift in the confectioner’s sugar. Beat until you get to a desired consistency. Add the rose water. Make sure the buttercream is thick.
  Pipe a thick layer of cream cheese frosting between each layer. Cover the cake in frosting.
   Use a bench scraper and offset spatula to smooth out the cake. Transfer to the fridge to chill for about 10 minutes or until the frosting is a bit set. If you’re in a warm climate, let your cake chill for even longer!